Proof of beauty. Proof of beauty.
Don't let it affect your view of others. It turns out that a beautiful woman is also a beautiful woman.
Undocumented. She is a natural beauty.
Testimonial. Then be brave and beautiful.
Test beauty. I like. You lift your neck.
Is this... okay? Do you need text?
You sweep tight. Under the sword.
No way. Didn't you and that woman break the family pressure?
There was Bai Yueguang in your high school. Haven't you always wanted to hostage others?
You have to ask your sister Bai Yueguang.
That's wrong.
I was wrong. Don't do it. Sweep you purple,
respect you. Don't talk about one girl at a time.
Thinking of me as someone who spreads love like me
You are the only love warrior beside me
I thought you were always thinking it was him.